Clean air will lead to a healthier, happier life
but how do you make sure the air you breathe is clean?
Every day in London, five million cars, trucks and motorbikes
fill the air with pollutants.
The GO2 app combines traffic and other data with current weather conditions
to forecast air quality.
GO2 keeps tabs on your likely exposure every hour, every day,
and lets you decide what actions to take.
GO2 also helps you take the healthiest route when walking, running or cycling
and by exercising, you can counter the negative effects of air pollution.
Start enjoying fresh air for a better quality of life.
Download GO2 now and see the air you breathe.